Evolved Packet Core (EPC) is a framework for providing converged voice and data on a 4G Long-Term Evolution (LTE) network. 2G and 3G network architectures process and switch voice and data through two separate sub-domains: circuit-switched (CS) for voice and packet-switched (PS) for data.


UE:
A significant component of the 5G core network that stores subscriber data and profiles. UE – User equipment. A subscriber's mobile device, such as a cell phone, tablet, or modem.

DN:
Data Network. The Data Network is related to the 3GPP 5G Architecture. It identifies Service Provider services, Internet access or 3rd party services.

UPF:
The 5G User Plane Function (UPF) is the function that does all of the work to connect the actual data coming over the Radio Area Network (RAN) to the Internet. Being able to quickly and accurately route packets to the correct destination on the internet is key to improving efficiency and user satisfaction.

AMF:
The Access and Mobility Management Function (AMF) is one of the control plane network functions (NF) of the 5G core network (5GC).

SMF:
The 5G Session Management Function (SMF) is a fundamental element of the 5G Service-Based Architecture (SBA). The SMF is primarily responsible for interacting with the decoupled data plane, creating updating and removing Protocol Data Unit (PDU) sessions and managing session context with the User Plane Function (UPF).

RAN:
5G RAN is the latest architecture in wireless communication and uses 5G radio frequencies to provide wireless connectivity to devices. A radio access network (RAN) is a key component of a mobile telecommunication system that connects devices like smartphones to a network via a radio link.

NRF:
The Network Repository Function, or NRF, is a key element of the 5G core. It essentially acts as an index that can be consulted by other NFs (Network Functions), so they can discover information regarding other entities present in the core, as well as service capabilities that may be required. Our emulation function enables NF registration and discovery functions to be validated – supporting multi-vendor environments.

PCF:
The Policy Control Function (5G PCF) uses the policy subscription information stored in the User Data Repository (UDR) to provide policy rules to network functions (SMF/AMF). It uses a standard REST-based interface to integrate with AMF for access and mobility policy, and with SMF for session management policy.
